Samba: Make the vfs objects entry in smb.conf optional (#3970)
home-assistant/addons: samba/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 12.5.1

> - Add the ability to enable or disable the configurations that improve interoperability with Apple devices.
>   Disabling this setting can fix issues with file systems that do not support xattr such as exFAT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add configurations option to disable Apple devices interoperability. Disabling this setting might be required for file systems that do not support extended attributes such as exFAT.
```
